docs: Update azure static apps walkthrough (#20961)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/guides/azure-static-webapps.md

    dotnet new unoapp -o MyApp
    ```

> - If the `<TargetFramework>` value in the `MyApp.Wasm.csproj` is not `net9.0`, [follow the upgrading steps provided here](../../articles/migrating-to-uno-5.md#migrating-webassembly-from-netstandard2-0-to-net7-0-or-net8-0).

Reviewer: Almost there!

```suggestion
- If the `<TargetFramework>` value in the `MyApp.Wasm.csproj` is not `net9.0`, [make sure to upgrade to latest Uno release by following these steps](xref:Uno.Development.MigratingFromPreviousReleases).
```

Reviewer 2: Thank you for the feedback, @jeromelaban !
I’ve applied your suggested change and updated the doc as requested.
Ready for your review. 👍
